>> Jen Kramer: So,
let's talk about the next step.
Once you have all of your website on
the computer that's there in front of you,
there are aproximately 5 million
different ways to get this up and online.
And some ways are better than others.
So, many of you who are watching
this are already website
professionals You probably already
have all of the things installed on
the command line in order to
send this on up to GitHub.
And if you have all of that installed,
you should ignore me and just do that.
There's a bunch of other ways that
you can get this stuff online.
For example,
you can use the NetLify service.
They have a whole way of taking
files from your computer and
getting it up on their service and
displaying on their website.
If you prefer that way of doing things,
you should do that.
And by the way,
there are more ways than that.
So all those ways, whatever you like,
go ahead and follow that.
If this is brand new to you though, You've
never done this kind of work before.
I am going to walk you through
how to do this using GitHub,
which is an industry-standard place that
stores your programming and your work.
And we're going to then put
it up on GitHub Pages, and
we're gonna do this using
the GitHub Desktop application.
None of this is pretty standard for
a professional web developer, but
it works great for all the rest of us.
Okay, so you do not have to follow
my instructions on this part.
This is probably one of the easier ways
to get something up online if you do not
have a workflow that you already use to
get your info Information up on a website.
All right, so at this point, then,
if we take a look at my website here, for
the course,
we have done the first part of this,
which is we've moved this
all from CodePen to VS code.
And then the next things that we're going
to do, I'm going to walk you through
these steps first, just to give you
the overview of how this is done.
So if you don't have an account on
GitHub yet, you can go sign up for one.
They're free, so you'll sign up for
the GitHub account.
And while you're there in GitHub.
You're gonna make what's
called a repository.
This is basically a location where you
store code, and this one is going to
have a name, something like your
username dot github dot io,
I am aware that I think GitHub has
changed some of these rules a little bit.
You can make any repository into
the one that displays on GitHub Pages.
But I think this name still works,
because you know what it is.
This is what's going to
display on GitHub pages.
So we're going to walk through
exactly how to do that.
You're going to download Github desktop.
Github desktop is again, a free product.
You just install it on your computer.
We'll configure.
Github desktop to point to that repository
that you just created on GitHub,
I'll walk you through
all of these screens.
So we set all of that up,we'll
point it to our local
path,and then we are going
to make the magic happen.
Which will transfer the files that are on
the computer in front of you into your
GitHub repo,
>> Jen Kramer: And publish it, and
then you'll look in your browser window.
Very important, it's gonna take
a few minutes from when you upload
things to GitHub to have
them display in GitHub page.
always a bit of a lag.
It can be up to, like, 15 minutes.
So this is very commonly,
one of the points where students panic.
They've put things up on GitHub.
It doesn't show up on GitHub Pages,
and everybody freaks out because it's
not displaying the way that they think.
You just have to wait,
just chill, give it 15 minutes.
Go have a walk, get a drink of water,
you're going to be fine.
And then take a look, and
you'll see what happens.
And then I've got a couple of tips for
what you might do after that in terms of
making additional changes to the site.
Okay, so that's the broad overview of
about what we're about to walk through.